# Live Score Updater

Live Score Updater is a live cricket score updater application built using websockets and React. It allows users to update the server with cricket scores via two POST endpoints one for **Scores** and one for **Live Feed**, which in turn emit events to the frontend to update the user interface. The frontend stores the scores in local storage and displays them until they are updated again.

## Running the Application

### Getting Started

To get started with livescoreupdater, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/livescoreupdater.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```bash
1 cd livescoreupdater/frontend
2 npm install
```

### Backend Server

To run the backend server, execute the following command:

```bash
python server.py
```


The backend server will start and listen for incoming requests.

To update scores, follow the [Sample Request](samples/sampleRequest_UpdateScore.json) and send a request to:

POST /update_score

To update live feed, follow the [Sample Request](samples/sampleRequest_LiveFeed.json.json) and send a request to:

POST /live_feed

### Frontend Development

For development purposes, you can run the frontend in development mode. To start the frontend development server, execute the following command:

```bash
npm start
```


This command will start the development server for the frontend, allowing you to view and test the application in your browser. CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is enabled for development purposes but will be removed for production.


## Building the Frontend

Before deploying the application to production, you need to build the frontend. To build the frontend, execute the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This command will start the development server for the frontend, allowing you to view and test the application in your browser. The build files will be placed inside the `static` folder in the frontend directory. Copy the folder and place it in the root directory.

## Deployment

To deploy the livescoreupdater application to production, follow these steps:

1. Deploy the backend server to your production environment. Ensure that the server is configured to handle incoming requests and communicate with the frontend.
2. Copy the contents of the `static` folder (generated by `npm run build`) to a directory that your web server can serve statically. Ensure that the web server is properly configured to serve static files.
3. Remove CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) configuration from the backend server for production deployment to ensure security.

## Contributing

Contributions to livescoreupdater are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
